ticdc: add ticdc to pulsar doc (#14878)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md

sasl-oauth-grant-type = "client_credentials"
# The audience in the Kafka SASL OAUTHBEARER authentication. The default value is empty. This parameter is optional when the OAUTHBEARER authentication is used.
sasl-oauth-audience = "kafka"

# The following parameters take effect only when the downstream is Pulsar.
[sink.pulsar-config]

> # Authentication on the Pulsar server side is done using a token. Specify the value of the token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Authentication on the Pulsar server is done using a token. Specify the value of the token.
```

authentication-token = "xxxxxxxxxxxxx"

> # When you use a token for Pulsar server-side authentication, specify the path to the file where the token is located.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# When you use a token for Pulsar server authentication, specify the path to the file where the token is located.
```

token-from-file="/data/pulsar/token-file.txt"
# Pulsar uses the basic account and password to authenticate the identity. Specify the account.
basic-user-name="root"
# Pulsar uses the basic account and password to authenticate the identity. Specify the password.
basic-password="password"
# The certificate path for Pulsar TLS encrypted authentication.
auth-tls-certificate-path="/data/pulsar/certificate"
# The private key path for Pulsar TLS encrypted authentication.
auth-tls-private-key-path="/data/pulsar/certificate.key"

> # The credential file path for Pulsar TLS encrypted authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Path to trusted certificate file of the Pulsar TLS encrypted authentication.
```

Reviewer: 和 ticdc/ticdc-sink-to-pulsar.md 里的翻译保持一致

tls-trust-certs-file-path="/data/pulsar/tls-trust-certs-file"
# Pulsar oauth2 issuer-url. For more information, see the Pulsar website: https://pulsar.apache.org/docs/2.10.x/client-libraries-go/#tls-encryption-and-authentication
oauth2.oauth2-issuer-url="https://xxxx.auth0.com"
# Pulsar oauth2 audience
oauth2.oauth2-audience="https://xxxx.auth0.com/api/v2/"
# Pulsar oauth2 private-key
oauth2.oauth2-private-key="/data/pulsar/privateKey"
# Pulsar oauth2 client-id
oauth2.oauth2-client-id="0Xx...Yyxeny"
# Pulsar oauth2 oauth2-scope
oauth2.oauth2-scope="xxxx"

> # The number of cached Pulsar producers in TiCDC. The value is 10240 by default. Each Pulsar producer corresponds to one topic. If you need to replicate more than the default number of topics, you need to increase the number.

Reviewer: 和 ticdc/ticdc-sink-to-pulsar.md 里的翻译保持一致

pulsar-producer-cache-size=10240
# Pulsar data compression method. No compression is used by default. Optional values are "lz4", "zlib", and "zstd".
compression-type=""
# The timeout for the Pulsar client to establish a TCP connection with the server. The value is 5 seconds by default.
connection-timeout=5

> # The timeout for Pulsar clients to initiate operations such as create and subscribe. The value is 30 seconds by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# The timeout for Pulsar clients to initiate operations such as create and subscribe a topic. The value is 30 seconds by default.
```

> # The timeout for Pulsar clients to initiate operations such as creating and subscribing a topic. The value is 30 seconds by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The timeout for Pulsar clients to initiate operations such as creating and subscribing to a topic. The value is 30 seconds by default.
```

operation-timeout=30

> # The maximum number of messages in a single batch for a Pulsar producer to send. The value is 1000 seconds by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# The maximum number of messages in a single batch for a Pulsar producer to send. The value is 1000 by default.
```
